  <h2>Household Services Application</h2>
The aim of this project was to design and develop a multi-user platform for household service management. The platform bridges the gap between customers and service professionals, app's intuitive interface, role-based functionality, and robust backend make it a comprehensive solution for household service needs. The platform enables Admin, Service Professionals, and Customers to interact seamlessly.
The app takes MVC design paradigm (separation of concerns) in consideration while its development. The app focuses on role based access control (RBAC) has mainly three kinds of user – Admin, Customers and Service professionals. A user can either register themselves as customer or service professional but not both. The service professionals are approved by admin. Admin can also define a new service as well as edit or delete an existing service. Admin dashboard also gives information about service request and displays with their respective statuses. The summary page of admin dashboard imparts important messages via graphical as well as tabular format.
A service professional while registering has to mention which category of service he/she will provide. A customer can generate a service request, the same will be provided to all the service professionals who belong to the particular service category. Based on service request nature a professional can either accept or reject the request. Once the service request has been completed the customer can close the request and give rating to the professional. The same will be reflected in professional’s summary page.
